# Reflection

## Question 1 (50 words)
#### When and why should you use a function like `carefulSubract` rather than `subtract`? 
A function like "carefulsubstract" puts parameters into two or more categories before processing them. In this case, this function tells the user the type of parameters that it is able to process. When it receives the wrong kind of input, the user will be informed of what the right input looks like. In this case, it is numbers. A function like "substract" does not distinguish different parameters, and it does not tell the user what kind of input that the function expects. 

## Question 2 (100 words)
#### What are `data types`, and how does data typing work in JavaScript? Name at least 4 built-in data JS data types. 

There are 5 basic data types in JavaScript, and they are numbers, strings, boolean, arrays, and objects. JavaScript is a dynamically typed programming language because it can work with a variety of data types and its variables are not bound to any of them. What JavaScript does is that it automatically identifies each data type through syntax. For example, square brackets indicate that the data is an array, curley brackets indicate an object, single quotation marks indicate a string, and numbers need no special mark. This design also allows programmers to identify each type easily once one becomes familiar with the unique syntactic rules. 

## Question 3 (100 words)
#### What is the advantage to storing information as an object (`{firstName: 'Italo', lastName: 'Calvino', profession: 'novelist' }`) rather than as an array (`['Italo', 'Calvino', 'novelist']`)? Are there any disadvantages?

An object is a variable with named parts, and each part is called a property. The parts of an object are not related to each other and can be dealt with separately. But in an array the elements are inseparable. Objects have many advantages. First, they can be used by many plugins such as JQuery. Due to the clear relationship between the key and the value, they are easier to read and thus easier to debug. Also, using objects can prevent clashes between variable names by encapsulating related codes. Moreover, by using objects, one can reduce clashes between repeating global variables. They are also more efficient in terms of their total running time. However, the disadvantage of using objects includes the requirement for larger storage and the constantly changing index.

## Question 4 (150 words)
#### The function `sentences` transforms a data structure (in this case, a list of object literals) into a sequence of sentences. If the data structure were less predictable (e.g., if some properties of each object were occasionally missing, or if their data type was not always the same), what programming techniques could you use to ensure that your function produced a coherent output? Also, can you think of a more interesting "transform" that could be done with the same data structure?

If the data structure was less predictable, which is when there were missing properties from certain objects or when their data were not of the same type, one could produce a coherent output by adding conditionals to the function. Conditionals serve to categorize the data type beforehand and produce results that are appropriate according to pre-set conditions. Therefore, by adding conditionals, the function will be able to process more complicated data. This function can transform other data sets into sentences with the same basic structure. For example, instead of making short sentences describing each Canadian Prime Minister's term length, it can also produce lengthier passages, such as brief biographies of significant historical figures. Writing encyclopedia entries for historical figures is to some extent repetitive work. Basic information of every important figure can be digitalized into the data structure mentioned above, which can be automatically transformed by computer into short biographies. This way, each biography will have more or less the same structure and thus be easier to read. 